Basic documentation around grafana, dashboards and datasources (#954)
grafana-operator/grafana-operator: docs/docs/grafana.md

- cluster wide
- single namespace
- multiple namespaces

To enter these specific modes you need to define the `WATCH_NAMESPACE` environment variable in the Grafana operator.
How you do this will differ between the different deployment methods.

`WATCH_NAMESPACE: ""`
Will make the operator work cluster wide.

`WATCH_NAMESPACE: "grafana"`
Will make the operator only watch the grafana namespace, using this mode, makes it possible to use a role instead of a cluster role to give access to the operator.
Depending on which deployment solution you use how to do this will differ.

`WATCH_NAMESPACE: "grafana, monitor, foo, bar"`
Will make the operator watch the following namespaces grafana, monitor, foo, bar. This will force you to still use the cluster wide rbac settings to enable the Grafana operator to monitor all of those namespaces.

## External Grafana instances

With the operator you can manage external Grafana instances.
So even if you don't want to manage Grafana on your own you can still use dashboards as code.

The `grafana.spec.external` config allows you to set an URL and provide authentication to talk to your Grafana instance.

> Since the operator do not own the external Grafana instance you are **not** able to send in any configuration values to grafana it self. So for example `grafana.spec.config` will not do anything if you want to manage an external Grafana instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the operator does not own the external Grafana instance you are **not** able to send in any configuration values to grafana itself. So for example `grafana.spec.config` will not do anything if you want to manage an external Grafana instances.
```

This is due to Grafana only have a ini files that it looks in during start and don't have any API that we can use to configure it.

You are also not able to install any plugins using the operator since they are also installed during startup.

This is how you can setup an External grafana instance, we assume that you have created a secret called `grafana-admin-credentials` that contains the correct keys.

```yaml
---

> apiVersion: grafana.integreatly.org/v1beta1

Reviewer 2: Could we add one example which shows how to access External Grafana Identity with API Key. To me atleast for AMG UserId and Password never worked.
